so there are two very important things
you want to worry about for a warm-up
number one you want to worry about
raising your core temperature your
muscle and your joint temperature and
that's why it's called a warm-up so grab
something that you can bundle up in
that's going to keep all the heat inward
towards your body and two you want to
increase your range of motion so that
movement becomes a lot easier
and it's going to decrease your chance
of injury so everybody's done these you
should just your little shoulder rolls
go ahead and do tiny little circles and
you're trying to go fast here
so your goal is just to get your
shoulders warm you're actually feeling
the muscles activate and turn on switch
directions
just like that
so you should already by now feel that
warmth building up in the shoulders it's
very good
and then let the shoulders drop and now
we're going to focus on that stretch
range of motion this is actually a
dynamic stretch you're going really big
with the circles
i do these all the time
i work at fedex now so i'm moving
packages all the time
and forward
and a few more left three two
one relax those arms
those arms should feel super super super
warm and loose now so now we're gonna
focus on our core our spine here don't
let your pelvis move keep your toes
pointed forward you're just going to
bring your arms into your chest you're
going to twist and hold
keep your pelvis facing forward and then
back forward twist and hold
and bring it back forward twist
and back forward
twist
and now just keep it loose you're going
to twist side to side
we're focusing again on that range of
motion just letting the body loosen up
at that point
perfect and now we're going to move on
to the lower body all you're going to
need is a chair or a ledge or even a
wall something to just balance against
all you're going to do
is keep your leg as straight as possible
lift it up and you're gonna hold for
three seconds two
one drop it down and now back hold for
three
two
one and drop it back forward three
one and back hold three two
one and now for the stretch you're gonna
keep it forward and back forward and
back
keep that going
focusing on the stretch all the way
forward and back three
and two
and one and you're gonna do the same
thing on the other side
take it forward hold for three
two
one drop it down hold it back hold three
one
forward three two
one and back three
two
one and the stretch forward and back
just keep that going focusing on the
stretch so you're kicking forward and
back also be careful i've seen people
kick themselves out from under
and three
two
one
and down
shake out those legs should feel pretty
warm now the last thing we're going to
do is focus on these knees real quick so
we're going to warm them up first all
you're going to do
is squat down let your heels come up off
the ground just a bend like this is
pretty good and all you're going to do
is bounce up and down just like this
now it does not take very long to feel
that warmth kick in we're already
feeling it
now all you're going to do is start
lowering down go as low as you can
possibly go and as soon as you're down
as far as you can possibly go you might
not be able to get this far by the way
all you're going to do is explode all
the way up
shake those legs out shake everything
out and you should feel ready to take on
the day
i hope this helps and just remember that
those two rules apply to anything so if
you're having neck trouble all you would
have to do is hold this for around 30
seconds or so till it's warmer on both
sides and then all you would do is roll
it out and if there's any other trouble
parts that you need help with um you can
always ask me and i'll help you out